Add clarification how to set up comments for shipment (#1442)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/shipments-create.md

1. When the shipment is ready, click <span class="btn">Submit Shipment</span>.

> ### To set up comments for shipment do the following:

Author: Done ✅

> 1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Stores** > **Settings** > **Configuration**.

Author: Done ✅

1. Under _Sales_, select **Sales Email**.

> 1. Expand **Shipment Comments** section:
> 
> - The default option is set as **Enabled** that explains the shipment comment email will be sent to customers when the customer orders a product.
> 
> - In **Shipment Comment Email Sender**, select the person from whom the shipment comment email will be sent. The default Magento 2 offers five email addresses.
> 
> - In **Shipment Comment Email Template**, select the template based on your requirement or select the default option.
> 
> - In **Shipment Comment Email Template for Guests**, choose the template for customers who have not created an account in your store.
> 
> - In **Shipment Comment Email Copy To**, enter the multiple email addresses to whom you want to send Shipment comment email copy. Separate email addresses with a comma.
> 
> - Send **Shipment Comment Email Copy Method**, select bcc(blind carbon copy) or separate email copy method based on your requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Expand the **Shipment Comments** section and modify the settings as needed:

   - The **Enabled** option is set to `Yes` by default, which means that the email is sent to a customer when a shipping comment is entered.

   - For **Shipment Comment Email Sender**, select the person from whom the shipment comment email is sent. The default offers five email addresses.

   - For **Shipment Comment Email Template**, select the template based on your requirement or select the default option.

   - For **Shipment Comment Email Template for Guests**, choose the template used for customers who do not have an account in your store.

   - For **Shipment Comment Email Copy To**, enter the email addresses to send a shipment comment email copy. Separate multiple email addresses with a comma.

   - For **Shipment Comment Email Copy Method**, select `bcc` (blind carbon copy) or `separate email copy` method based on your preference.
```

Author: Done ✅

1. Click <span class="btn">Save Config</span>.

    ![]({% link images/images/shipment-coments.png %}){: .zoom}

>     _Shipment Coment Configuration_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    _Shipment comment configuration_
```

Author: Done ✅
